{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf370
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\title INTAKE SUMMARY }
{\author Charles}
{\*\company Toshiba}}\margl720\margr720\margb720\margt-200\vieww20300\viewh14100\viewkind1\viewscale150
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\f0\b\fs20 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\fs28 \cf0 INTAKE SUMMARY 	Last name, First name: ____________________________
\fs20 \
Patient Information\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b0 \cf0 Name:  \ul 							     \ulnone 	Date of Birth (DOB):  \ul 			\ulnone \
Address:  \ul 					                      \ulnone 	Marital Status:  \ul 				\ulnone \
Employer and/or School (if latter, grade level):  \ul 								\
\ulnone Home Phone:  \ul 			\ulnone 	Work Phone:\ul 			\ulnone   Cell Phone:  \ul 			\
\ulnone Email address:  \ul 												\
\ulnone Please list any and all past and present diagnoses/medications:  \ul 						\
													\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b \cf0 \ulnone Responsible Party Information:\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b0 \cf0 Name:  \ul 													\
\ulnone Address:  \ul 												\
\ulnone Home Phone:  \ul 			\ulnone 	Work Phone:\ul 			\ulnone   Cell Phone:  \ul 			\
\ulnone Email address:  \ul 												\ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b \cf0 Insurance Information:\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b0 \cf0 Insurance Carrier:  \ul 						\ulnone 	ID#:\ul 				\ulnone \
Group #:\ul 					\ulnone 	Insurance Carrier Phone:  \ul 					\
\ulnone Policy holder Info: Name:  \ul 					               	\ulnone  	DOB: \ul 			  \ulnone \
Relationship to patient: \ul 					                \ulnone 	Phone:  \ul 				\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b \cf0 \ulnone  Credit Card Information:\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b0\fs16 \cf0 Name as it is on the card: ___________________________________________________ Circle one:   Visa    Mastercard    American Express   Other\
Card number: ______________________________________________ Expiration date: ___________________     Security code: _____________\
I hereby authorize \ul Dr. Jeffery Grumley, LCPC\ulnone  to verify the insurance coverage and related employment information provided on this form.  In consideration of services rendered, I hereby, irrevocably assign and transfer to \ul Dr. Grumley\ulnone  all rights in the benefits payable for the service rendered by my insurance company.  I authorize all insurance companies under which I am insured, to pay directly to \ul Dr. Grumley.\ulnone   I agree to pay for all charges incurred or, alternatively, for all charges in excess of the sums actually paid by my insurance company.  I also understand that I am personally and fully responsible for payment of all charges for professional services rendered by \ul Dr. Jeffery Grumley\ulnone .  If charges are not paid within a reasonable period of time, I understand that credit card will be charged and/or Dr. Grumley may consult legal counsel for assistance in collection of funds associated with my account.  I understand all cost due to this legal process with be added to the account balance.  If divorced and Dr. Grumley is seeing your child(ren), I understand the responsible party named above will pay all charges and collect from the other parent.\
I hereby certify that the information provided is correct, to the best of my knowledge.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\cf0 \ul \ulc0 								\ulnone 	\ul 				\
\ulnone Patient 									Date\
\
\ul 								\ulnone 	\ul 				\
\ulnone Parent or guardian (if minor)							Date\ul \
}